The president's brain was kicked by a donkey, right?
I didn't mean that
I mean you and Miss Shen are a perfect match
Must die
Do you have a passport?
passport
Could it be that the truth Shen Wanzi said
The Rong family can't accommodate my child
You want to pressure me to go abroad, I, I, I don't have a passport.
And I have never planned to go abroad.
I am not used to Western food.
If I go abroad
I will definitely starve to death
I thought you were easy to support
Not picky eaters
I'm not a picky eater.
Anything as long as it's Chinese food
Western food is not good
So I definitely can't go abroad
I won't go even if I'm forced to die
OK
Aren't you going to the Paris jewelry fair next month?
Paris Jewelry Fair
You mean the world's No. 1 jewelry fair?
You mean let me take my passport with me?
I also said if you do a good job this time
I could consider making you my ancestor
But if you don't want to go
I can find my work
Stand out this time
I can get a foothold in jewelry fairs
65 years old
If you have a son
It should be just for next time.
What do you want now?
Mr. Wang, I went out to work today
I will apply for my passport tomorrow
I know you're not a peaceful thing
Arrange a few people for me
President, it has been arranged in Switzerland.
When the time comes to transfer Miss Joe from Paris to Switzerland
Secret labor
You will feel at ease
One word is enough to give me a headache
Now here comes another like a brother
He will get better and better if he stays here
Hey, what material?
Sister Jojo has been kidnapped